The assistant knew who the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew who the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew that the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew that the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary introduced to her friend.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary introduced her partner to her friend.
The teacher reported who the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends claimed the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends claimed the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends claimed the teaching assistant stated the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends claimed the teaching assistant stated the student hit her classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends claimed the teaching assistant stated the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends claimed the teaching assistant stated the student hit her classmate in art class.
I know what the burglar stole the other night.
I know what the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know that the burglar stole the other night.
I know that the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the burglar stole the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the burglar stole the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the other night.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the other night.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels the other night.
