The assistant knew who the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The teacher reported who the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit his classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit his classmate in art class.
I know what the burglar stole yesterday.
I know what the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that the burglar stole yesterday.
I know that the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the burglar stole yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the burglar stole yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole yesterday.
I know what my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
