The assistant knew who impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew who the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed impressed the director at the meeting.
The assistant knew that the security guard said his manager believed the junior associate claimed the secretary impressed the director at the meeting.
The teacher reported who hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported who the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated hit a classmate in art class.
The teacher reported that the other children claimed their friends said the teaching assistant stated the student hit a classmate in art class.
I know who stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks the reporter said stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed stole the jewels yesterday.
I know who my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed stole the jewels yesterday.
I know that my mother thinks the reporter said the homeowners claimed the burglar stole the jewels yesterday.
